Add tip for new project command (ELFs) (#643)
vapor/docs: 4.0/docs/hello-world.md

!!! tip
	The `-n` flag gives you a bare bones template by automatically answering no to all questions.

!!! tip

> 	Current version of Vapor uses async/await by default as well as the project template does.
> 	If you need to stick with EventLoopFutures, use flag `--branch macos10-15`.

Reviewer: Tighten language
```suggestion
	Vapor and the template now uses `async`/`await` by default.
	If you cannot update to macOS 12 and/or need to continue to use `EventLoopFuture`s, 
	use flag `--branch macos10-15`.
```
